c:\users\konstantin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyMeetings\DataAccessLayer\bin\Debug\DataAccessLayer.dll.config
c:\users\konstantin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyMeetings\DataAccessLayer\bin\Debug\DataAccessLayer.dll
c:\users\konstantin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyMeetings\DataAccessLayer\bin\Debug\DataAccessLayer.pdb
c:\users\konstantin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyMeetings\DataAccessLayer\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\konstantin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyMeetings\DataAccessLayer\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\konstantin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyMeetings\DataAccessLayer\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
c:\users\konstantin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyMeetings\DataAccessLayer\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\konstantin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyMeetings\DataAccessLayer\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\konstantin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyMeetings\DataAccessLayer\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\konstantin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyMeetings\DataAccessLayer\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
c:\users\konstantin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyMeetings\DataAccessLayer\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\konstantin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyMeetings\DataAccessLayer\bin\Debug\ru\EntityFramework.resources.dll
c:\users\konstantin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyMeetings\DataAccessLayer\bin\Debug\ru\EntityFramework.SqlServer.resources.dll
c:\users\konstantin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyMeetings\DataAccessLayer\bin\Debug\ru\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\konstantin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyMeetings\DataAccessLayer\bin\Debug\ru\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.resources.dll
c:\users\konstantin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyMeetings\DataAccessLayer\obj\Debug\DataAccessLayer.dll
c:\users\konstantin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MyMeetings\DataAccessLayer\obj\Debug\DataAccessLayer.pdb
C:\Users\konstantin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\MyMeetings\DataAccessLayer\obj\Debug\DataAccessLayer.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\konstantin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\MyMeetings\DataAccessLayer\obj\Debug\DataAccessLayer.Migrations.test.resources
C:\Users\konstantin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\MyMeetings\DataAccessLayer\obj\Debug\DataAccessLayer.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\konstantin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\MyMeetings\DataAccessLayer\obj\Debug\DataAccessLayer.Migrations._new.resources
C:\Users\konstantin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\MyMeetings\DataAccessLayer\obj\Debug\DataAccessLayer.Migrations.adddescription.resources
